Add table azure_lb_backend_address_pool. Closes #183 (#266)
turbot/steampipe-plugin-azure: docs/tables/azure_lb_backend_address_pool.md

# Table: azure_lb_backend_address_pool

> The backend pool is a critical component of the load balancer. The backend pool defines the group of resources that will serve traffic for a given load-balancing rule.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
An Azure load balancer's backend address pool consists of IP addresses associated with the virtual machine NICs. This pool is used to distribute traffic to the virtual machines behind the load balancer. 
```

# Table: azure_lb_backend_address_pool

The backend pool is a critical component of the load balancer. The backend pool defines the group of resources that will serve traffic for a given load-balancing rule.

## Examples

### Basic info

```sql
select
  id,
  name,
  load_balancer_name,
  provisioning_state,
  type
from
  azure_lb_backend_address_pool;
```

### List failed load balancer backend address pools

```sql
select
  id,
  name,
  type,
  provisioning_state
from
  azure_lb_backend_address_pool
where
  provisioning_state = 'Failed';
```

> ### Get load balancer backend address pool by load balancer name and backend address pool name

Reviewer: remove this example
